# Software Debouncing - MSP430G2553 & MSP432P401R
The files provided in this folder are **debouncing1.c** and **debouncing2.c** that both uses interrupts and timer modules to toggle an LED with an implement of a debounced switch control. The MSP430G2553 c.file is named debouncing1.c and the MSP432P401R c.file is named debouncing2.c. 

### MSP430G2553 Software Debouncing
**Description** : The purpose of this lab is to utilize the MSP430G2553 and create a program to effectively implement a debounced switch control on the state of an LED. This program uses timer modules and interrupts to manage the debouncing in the background.The Port1 interrupt is called when it detects a falling edge on the pin connected to the switch P1.3. This begins the Timer0 and every 1 ms, the timer gives an interrupt, and the switch is read. If the switch remains in the same state for 10 checks in a row, then the state of the switch can toggle the LED on P1.0. Finally, the whole process is then repeated for the next switch bounce and the timer with the interrupt flag gets reset.

### MSP432P401R Software Debouncing
**Description** : The purpose of this lab is to utilize the MSP432P401R and create a program to effectively implement a debounced switch control on the state of an LED. This program uses timer modules and interrupts to manage the debouncing in the background.The Port1 interrupt is called when it detects a falling edge on the pin connected to the switch P1.1. This begins the Timer0 and every 1 ms, the timer gives an interrupt, and the switch is read. If the switch remains in the same state for 10 checks in a row, then the state of the switch can toggle the LED on P2.2. Finally, the whole process is then repeated for the next switch bounce and the timer with the interrupt flag gets reset.

### Watchdog Timers
Both are set to have their watchdog timers off so that the controllers do not reset everytime when they're using interrupts. In fact, watchdog timers keeps track of any abnormal behavior from the program. If the program fails and it "crashes," then the watchdog timer will trigger a reset and force the program back to the beginning. This needs to be disable so that the function of the code works.
