# Software PWM - MSP430G2553 & MSP430F5529LP
The files provided in this folder are **SoftwarePWM1.c** and **SoftwarePWM2.c** that both uses interrupts and timer modules to toggle an LED with an implement of a 1kHz PWM signal with a duty cycle between 0% and 100%. The MSP430G2553 c.file is named SoftwarePWM1.c and the MSP430F5529LP c.file is named SoftwarePWM2.c. 

### MSP430G2553 Software PWM
**Description** : The purpose of this lab is to utilize the MSP430G2553 and create a program to effectively implement a 1kHz PWM signal with a duty cycle between 0% and 100%. The PWM should control the state of an LED at a 50% duty cycle. Upon pressing one of buttons, the duty cycle of the LED should increase by 10%. Once the LED reaches 100%, the duty cycle should go back to 0% on the next button press. There is also an implement of an other LED to light up when the Duty Cycle button is depressed and turns back off when it is let go. This program also uses timer modules and interrupts to manage the debouncing in the background. The Port1 interrupt is called when it detects a falling edge from HitoLow on the pin connected to the switch P1.3. This begins the first switch case statement by enabling the first - Timer0 and the second switch case statement in the Timer0 interrupt that initiates the PWM. Then, the Port1 interrupt triggers again and starts the second timer for the debounce switch. Finally, the last switch case statement is triggered in the Timer0 interrupt and begins to turn the LED OFF from HitoLow. Finally, the whole process is then repeated for the next duty cycle.

### MSP430F5529LP Software PWM
**Description** : The purpose of this lab is to utilize the MSP430F5529LP and create a program to effectively implement a 1kHz PWM signal with a duty cycle between 0% and 100%. The PWM should control the state of an LED at a 50% duty cycle. Upon pressing one of buttons, the duty cycle of the LED should increase by 10%. Once the LED reaches 100%, the duty cycle should go back to 0% on the next button press. There is also an implement of an other LED to light up when the Duty Cycle button is depressed and turns back off when it is let go. This program also uses timer modules and interrupts to manage the debouncing in the background. The Port1 interrupt is called when it detects a falling edge from HitoLow on the pin connected to the switch P2.1. This begins the first switch case statement by enabling the first - Timer0 and the second switch case statement in the Timer0 interrupt that initiates the PWM. Then, the Port1 interrupt triggers again and starts the second timer for the debounce switch. Finally, the last switch case statement is triggered in the Timer0 interrupt and begins to turn the LED OFF from HitoLow. Finally, the whole process is then repeated for the next duty cycle. This program is very similar to the MSP430G2553 but it differs from ports and pins.

### Watchdog Timers
Both are set to have their watchdog timers off so that the controllers do not reset everytime when they're using interrupts. In fact, watchdog timers keeps track of any abnormal behavior from the program. If the program fails and it "crashes," then the watchdog timer will trigger a reset and force the program back to the beginning. This needs to be disable so that the function of the code works.
